One more example of objeto creates, I just want to drive this point home, the more we work with it,
the more we'll start to feel familiar with it, the more comfortable you're going to be and the more
ease you're going to be with the fact that there is no right way we can create objects in a plethora
of ways.
Cool.
Let's look at an example.
This object creates.
The first thing I want you to remember, so I should say example one is you have to pass an object or
no?
As the prototype, and we've seen that if we go layperson equals object, don't create.
And we don't know what we're going to get an error because a prototype may only be an object or not.
We know that we just saw an example.
What's another practical example that?
Of how we can use object to create.
Practical employee example, let's say these, I don't know, private equity company that has multiple
companies under its ownership and when his employees new staff, it once its prototype to be based on
waiver, that employee is employed in which company.
So we need a few different prototypes.
Let's say this private equity firm loves animals, so the one company that own is called Dog Factory
and other factory they own is called Cat Factory.
Let's create a company one called Dog Factory, and remember how the prototype has to be an object animal.
So let's create these prototypes in the form of an object and the Stew's object literal syntax.
So let's define a dog protein property.
The dog protein remember object literal syntax.
All we need is opening.
Closing curly braces.
That's it.
We've created an object, and let's say this right there.
So an employee works.
Yeah.
Is working for a company called.
The dog factory.
And it's great company to.
Old Kent.
Factory similar process.
That's correct.
Can't protect open close curly braces means we've defined an object.
And let's say that company name.
It's called the kit factory.
Now, let's say we've got an employee who works for each company.
Create employee.
Let's let employee one.
He works for the dog.
So we want to expose the dog.
So now this employee one automatically has access to the dog factory.
We know when we call him and we log him out that he'll have company property that is set to the dog
factory.
And let's give employee one a name.
Frank.
And you guessed it, there is another employee employee, too, and this employee is part of the protest.
And let's give employed to a name of.
Judy?
We've set up two employees now let's console.log out the employee's name and who they work for, and
this is where you'll see the benefits of working with objeto create console.log and we're going to use
template literals and Texea.
First, we're going to go employee one name.
Works for.
Employee one.
Company.
And there you have it.
Frank works for the dog factory.
And if I console.log the exact same thing, but I change employee one to employee two.
This is the cool thing Judy works for the cat factory, and this is how you can work with objects of
great hope is making sense, but let's look at the final way we can create an object.